AIserver2
(C) 2010 Patrick Mennen <helmet@helmet.nl>

AIServer2 is a small but handy platform that allows developers to create their
own socket-based games. It was custom-built for a schoolproject on Tilburg
University for the course Computer Games.

The Texas Hold`em module included serves both as an example and as my
end-project for this course. It allows multiple clients to play a game of Poker
and is intended to provide future students with a platform on which their
programs can compete against eachother.

REQUIREMENTS:
    - The PHP-socket library needs to be loaded in order for AIServer to run.
    - The texas hold`em module requires the PHP-Module GD to generate graphs,
      Both modules are included in PHP by default but should be enabled in PHP.ini


FAQ:
1.  Which PHP-version is required to run this application?
    This application makes extensive use of the OOP-implementation
    which was introduced in PHP5. The application was tested with PHP5.3

2.  How do I enable sockets in PHP?
    Locate your php.ini and browse to the extensions section
    for windows users you need to uncomment the line:
    ;extension=php_sockets.dll -> extension=php_sockets.dll

    for *nix/apple users the extension is called php_sockets.so

3.  How do I actually start the application.
    Ideally, the software needs to be started from console by using the command-line
    version of PHP (PHP.exe in Windows), the software will actually run from the browser
    but no information will be displayed or flushed to the screen.

4.  Wouldn't it have been a better idea to write this application in a "real"
    programming language like C, C++ or even C#?

    I am well aware that there is several programming language that allow the
    creation of a more stable or efficient program, however this package is
    intended for a university-course not specifically aimed at programming.

    The ease of use PHP offers (with regards to other programming languages)
    makes it ideal to serve as a basis for custom written tools by other students.

--EOF--